Thank you, thank you, you said,
You say, you say,
You say, you say, you say, you say, you say, you say, you say, you say, you say, you say, you say, you say,
You say, you say, you say, you say, you say, you say, you say, you say, you say, you say,
You say, you say, you say, you say, you say, you say, you say, you say,
You say, you say, you say, you say, you say, you say, you say,
You say, you say, you say, you say,
You say, you say, you say,
You say, you say, you say, you say, you say, you say, you say,
You say, you say, you say, you say, you say, you say, you say, you say, you say, you say, you say, you say, you say,
You say, you say, you say, you say, you say,
You say, you say, you say, you say, you say, you say, you say, you say, you say, you say,
You say, you say, you say, you say, you say, you say, you say, you say,
You say, you say, you say, you say, you say, you say, you say, you say, you say, you say, you say, you say, you say, you say, you say, you say, you say ,
you say, you say
I have no protection and I swear to protect you as usual
I will protect you well from now on. Protect me.
Even if I betray myself
You said this a few years ago
Who to send?